Coding Camp Info:

Introduction:
(FK: Everything I write is up for discussion. I sometimes have trouble getting to the point or
	write stuff that is easy to understand...Please feel free to simply delete, edit, add or rephrase)
	
	
	The Coding camp is a place to meet where individuals work on (python) coding tasks in their own speed and style. 
	We set a shared goal for a data-management/processing/analysis task.  
 	Anyone can suggest meetings to e.g. present a solution or problem, ask questions, talk about the next steps or
 	clarify the current task at hand.
 	Communication through (??) Whatsapp, skype, email, github (seems a little bit advanced 
 		but maybe once we get a hang of software project management in github? I think this could be cool to 
 		define & describe the examples that re're working on in the git task repository:
 		https://eclipsesource.com/blogs/2012/08/28/tips-and-tricks-using-eclipse-with-github/ )
 	 	
 	We share our sample data and our code in (a) github repositories(y). If we want to learn team work with 
 	git we could work with a single repository. Every camp participant could make an own working branch and from time to time
 	we merge all banches into the master (this could contain a script or some sort of user front end to run all (working) 
 	team implementations.)
 	
 	Repository: https://github.com/FlowMatric/FlOlliverDC-FK
 	 
	Goal...? Hmmm...ideas:  fun, quick success, motivate each other, make it easy for each other 
	
		Brainstorm: Why do you want to learn coding with xxx
		
		-FK: I guess it could be fun using this stuff at work. 
		-FK: Doing cool stuff with AI could be interesting too. (e.g. Finding patterns in turbulent flow, 
		-FK: Would like to  process 
	
	We are not limited to python...more tool agnostic? whatever simpler, prettier, more helpful is good.
	
	What data are we interested in?
		Time series data, 
			Univariate
				Rainfall
			Multivariate
				Rainfall/Runoff/LandUse
		Spatial Data
			Can do a few different interpolation methods with 
			
			
	
	
Current Task:

1. Read precipitation data from a single gauging station in sweden. CSV in Data folder. 
	Try to create code that runs on every machine (no absolute links, other concerns?)
	
	OZ: I created a subfolder "data" in my src-folder

2. Display Data 
3. Data operations: slice...?
4. Try decomposition
5. Bedtime...